DEVX-1721: Different Replicator configuration types where destination is CCloud (#644)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/includes/connect-worker-to-origin-onprem.rst

> The Connect worker is backed to the origin on-prem Kafka cluster, so set the replication factor required for the origin onprem cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |kconnect| worker is backed to the origin on-premises |ak| cluster, so set the replication factor required for the origin on-premises cluster:
```

.. sourcecode:: bash

   replication.factor=<replication-factor-origin>
   config.storage.replication.factor=<replication-factor-origin>
   offset.storage.replication.factor=<replication-factor-origin>
   status.storage.replication.factor=<replication-factor-origin>

> The origin on-prem Kafka cluster can have a varied set of security features enabled, but for simplicity in this example we show no security configurations, just PLAINTEXT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The origin on-premises |ak| cluster can have a varied set of security features enabled, but for simplicity in this example we show no security configurations, just PLAINTEXT.
```

> The Connect worker’s admin client requires connection information to the onprem cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |kconnect| worker’s admin client requires connection information to the on-premises cluster.
```
